🧠 Big Picture

Your application consists of:

    A client that wants to use a service (string concatenation),

    A server that offers the service,

    A remote interface that defines the method,

    A servant object that implements that method.

▶️ Step-by-Step Program Flow

Step 1: Compilation

    You compile all Java files: javac *.java

    This generates .class files for all 4 Java files.

Step 2: Starting RMI Registry

    You start the rmiregistry in the directory with the .class files.

    This allows the server to register a remote object under a name (like a phonebook or service directory).

Step 3: Running the Server

	File: Server.java

	Servant s = new Servant();
	Naming.rebind("Server", s);

	What happens:

    	Servant object is created — this is your remote object that implements ServerInterface.

    	Naming.rebind("Server", s):

        Registers this servant object with the RMI registry under the name "Server".

        Now any client can look up "Server" and access the servant remotely.

Step 4: Client Execution

	File: Client.java

	String server = s.nextLine(); // user types "localhost"
	ServerInterface si = (ServerInterface) Naming.lookup("rmi://" + server + "/Server");

	What happens:

    	The client asks the user for the server address (typically localhost if running locally).

    	Naming.lookup(...):

        Connects to the RMI registry on that server.

        Searches for the object registered with the name "Server".

        Returns a stub (proxy object) implementing ServerInterface.

    	The stub makes it look like the method is local — but it actually communicates over the network.

Step 5: Remote Method Call

	File: Client.java

	String result = si.concat(first, second);

	What happens:

	    The client calls concat(first, second) on the stub.

	    The stub sends the request over the network to the actual Servant object on the server.

	    The server receives the parameters, executes return a + b;, and sends the result back.

	    The client prints the result.

🧾 Behind the Scenes:

    RMI internally handles:

        Marshaling (converting data to send over the network)

        Remote method invocation

        Unmarshaling (converting result back to Java types)

    	The client doesn’t need to know whether the method is local or remote — it just works!
